many many miles east of nowhere lies the
amazing land of ours a magnificent
Empire created in the mind of a man who
wrote a great book about it like
wildfire in the wheat field
the fabulous tale of The Wizard of Oz
spread from town to city to nation to
the entire world
although the Wizard of Oz has captivated
the children of for generations and fire
the imaginations of those youthful
adults who have never grown old
although 10 million copies of the book
have reached eager hands and eager
hearts no one has dared the towering
task of giving life and reality to the
Land of Oz and its people every
delightful character of elf rent bounds
classic is now reborn every glorious
adventure has been recaptured and
painted with a rainbow the celebration
in Munchkinland the flying monkeys the
rescue of Dorothy the castle of the
witch the palace of hours and Dorothy
strange journey to the Emerald City to
find a Wonderful Wizard of Oz himself
not to see the Wizard The Wonderful
Wizard of Oz
because because because
I'm dizzy
you